cutting-edge technology provides a
one-of-a-kind private Safari tour
experience of Jurassic Park no expense
has been spared on our custom fleet of
green and sustainable electric tour
vehicles outfitted bumper-to-bumper with
the latest in technology sit back and
relax while listening to our interactive
cd-rom tour program
never mind the steering wheel our
completely automated fleet will handle
the driving for you right there and I'll
send a car to fetch you sweet
it's a classic Jurassic Park vehicle
looks totally cool I would be suspicious
but I would probably get on somebody
knows we're here
that door is still blocking except when
you're on an island full of dinosaurs
come on honey let's get our patient it
looks like that road is still blocked
though
what is this thing gonna take us these
tour cars only go a few places if you go
for us we need to go to the visitor
center looks like one of them's hurt I'm
surprised it's only one let's get him to
the center Mayo backwards
I know there's a door in the middle of
the roadway you saw it ah this car go
any faster it's gonna take forever
I noticed it she's got the zombie
infection she sounds like she's resident
warden you're safe now
you're gonna be fine Rhys it was big
Gatos calm down what's happening
she's a zombies she could be
hallucinating this is a lead into the
walking dead just just keep talking to
her tell her she needs to relax she's
got a rest my Spanish isn't that good
you can do it honey just just tell her
she needs to rest money
okay buzz what's
is no necesita
you are esta el necesita la está lista
doesn't mean what I thought it did
alright you stead you me Sita necesito a
pencil God dang it you need a pencil so
you can write down in English what
you're trying to say quite right alright
alright you said you need
necesita you need gonzo who said
necesita eldest yes there we go huh
close call yes summer school paid off
mr. teca's never gonna believe this
senorita Ortega
all right well now what look I think
this is our stop
I think it is - we're gonna get off
right here I think it's a good time to
stop what's up my babies what's up guys
whoa oh this dinosaur this is causing
more trouble than the that she was
originally a recent movie oh we got the
signal I hate this signal game hold on I
can't find it oh I got it I think
start the car did you get the tour car
moving
Ruben's on this one please start the car
Oh God
Oh
you get the car just keep the car moving
dinosaur hates cars all right oh god oh
god not another attack no it's tour
Tork are no god